# Fake-Polls-Data.Frame-Tutorial
For the assignment I was presented with a list of names and a series of numbers linked to either ABC or CBS, the numbers representing fake polling information, with the assignment being to convert this data into a matrix, covert the matrix to a data.frame, then produce the means for the two columns produced. When I initially started the assignment I made the mistake of attempting to copy-paste the information from the assignment page, only to discover that several of the entries were missing commas to seperate them, rendering them as errors; I am unsure if this was intentional on the part of the professor. While the name section continued to be fine after this, I repeatedly ran into trouble with the ABC and CBS data. I focused on trying to see if there was an issue in how I had input the data, only to determine that the issue is that RStudio reacted badly when I attempted to use more than one word when naming the columns. At this point the actual converison into a data.frame proved rather easy. This allowed me to properly lay out all the data in two sets of rows to compare them. I then attempted to determine the mean of each column, though in the proccess I found myself running into a roadblock. I was able to find the mean of either column just fine, but I was unable to find a way to use the function to produce both columns in the same function use, either only producing the first one or claiming it was invalid. I am uncertain of the cause of this. 
